[YUNA] Imagine a game you can
explore as if it were reality.
I present the first VRMMO RPG:
World Fantasy Online.
[YUNA] Since the game
first launched last year.
I have become completely
obsessed with it.
A true addict.
[NAVI] Nice to see
you again, Lady Yuna.
You have received a present
from the administrators.
Is that so?
Yes. We have some
special bonuses for players
based on how much
time they've logged
in the game in the past year.
You may select
whichever chest you like!
[YUNA laughs]
It'd be easier to pick
if I knew what
was inside though.
This one?
[YUNA gasps]
[YUNA]
Whoa.
This is the "special bonus"?!
Attack, defense, speed,
and stamina boosts
based on user level!
Top‐tier physical
and magical resistance!
Even HP and MP recovery!
Oh, wow. So OP it's crazy.
‐‐[YUNA cackles]
‐‐[YUNA] You could waste
a village if your level
is maxed out like mine.
But it looks ridiculous.
I'd never wear it in public.
If it's not too much trouble,
we have a simple request.
We'd like you to
please fill out a survey.
[YUNA] Hm? Okay, but make
it quick, I wanna play.
[NAVI] All right. "Would you
consider World Fantasy Online
more fun than real life?"
Well, yeah, obviously.
The real world is
way too much work.
[NAVI] "Is there anyone you
treasure in your real life?"
I've never really thought
about it to be honest.
[NAVI] "Is there something
that you treasure in real life?"
Uh, money, I suppose...
...for right now.
[NAVI]
"Do you believe in God?"
Nah, I believe in
myself more than anything.
After all, I'm the person
who got me this far.
[NAVI]
Last question:
"Do you think your newly
acquired bear set is cute?"
[YUNA]
Hm? Uh, sure.
It's cute enough.
[NAVI] Thank you very much.
Without further ado,
please enjoy the new world.
[YUNA] A forest? But I've
never seen this area before.
Is it a new part of the map?
[YUNA]
Huh?
What the heck am I wearing?!
Why did this dumb
thing auto equip?
[sighs] Whatever, I'll just
change back into my normal gear.
Hold on.
Why can't I use the controls?
[screams]
[YUNA]
What?! I'm level one?!
I don't understand!
I'd maxed out my level!
What happened to my character?!
Is it a bug? I should log out!
Wait, the button
is missing! No way!
I can't send a complaint to the
administrators until I log out!
[bell rings]
Mail? From the admins?
Where's the menu, though?
What the‐‐?
From "God"?
[GOD] Congratulations, Yuna!
Clap, clap, clap, clap!
Starting today,
you'll be living in this
fabulous new world
that I manage.
The Bear Set was
a present from me!
I do hope you'll enjoy
what this world has to offer,
and maybe even fall
in love with it one day!
'Kay... Is this some
kind of event, or‐‐?
[rustling]
[gasps] A wolf?!
Talk about terrible timing!
[WOLF snarls]
[YUNA yells]
It's usually a monster
for beginners,
but I'm only level one
and have no equipment.
[roars]
[YUNA grunts]
[YUNA]
Oh, crap!
All right, you asked
for it! [yells]
Poke, poke.
Could this be the legendary
hero's cypress stick?
Nah, it's way too boring.
Maybe it's my bear suit.
[sighs]
Huh?
It's still here?
[FINA]
Help me!
[YUNA gasps]
[WOLVES snarling]
[panting]
[YUNA] I found her!
Is she an NPC or player?
[WOLF roars]
Someone, please!
Uh, uh!
[grunts]
Oh, wow.
I just sorta threw it,
but I'll take the win.
‐‐[FINA gasps]
‐‐[WOLVES snarl]
[YUNA]
Hey. Are you all right?
Yes! And it's all thanks to you?
You sound kinda unsure.
[FINA whimpers]
You're not going
to eat me, are you?
Ew, gross.
But you're a bear, right?
[YUNA]
Hm? Oh, yeah, I forgot!
Is this less scary?
[gasps]
Not a bear. Promise.
That's good!
My name is Yuna and you?
Oh, right! Of course.
My name's Fina.
Thank you for saving me!
[YUNA] So, you left
town to gather herbs?
Well, yeah. See,
my mother is sick.
And we don't have really
money to buy medicine.
What? Is something the matter?
[YUNA] No. Actually, would
you mind showing me to town?
As it turns out,
I'm pretty lost.
[FINA]
Of course.
[YUNA]
Maybe there are some
other players in town
I could talk to.
Uh, sorry, before that‐‐
what are you planning to
do with the wolf's body?
[YUNA]
Hm? I guess... nothing?
But that's such a huge waste!
If you harvest it instead,
then you can sell the pelt,
meat, and even its mana gem!
[YUNA]
Hm?
Harvest it?
[giggles]
You're good.
Yep! It's how
I earn extra money.
[YUNA] A system where
you can't get drops
unless you cut up the monster?
Why would they make
such a disgusting update?
Uh?
[YUNA]
No way. My level went up!
Huh? It looks like I scored
a couple of new skills, too.
Dimensional Bear Box?
Let's see, it says there's
a timeless dimensional space
inside the white bear's mouth
and I can put any
non‐living thing in it.
Cool, that actually
seems super handy.
[FINA] Miss Yuna,
I'm done with the harvesting.
[YUNA]
Wow.
Uh, thank you!
Here, let me store it.
Neat! So your bear
glove is for storage?
Yeah, well, something
along those lines anyway.
[FINA]
This is the city of Crimonia!
[YUNA]
I don't recognize it.
Uh, young miss,
what kind of outfit is that?
[YUNA]
The kind you wear.
Of course.
Well, you'll have to pay one
silver if you want to get into
the city and don't have
any identification.
I totally have money!
[bell rings]
[GOD] The money that
you love, love, love
from your own world
has been transferred
here into our currency!
Heart emoji!
[YUNA]
You don't have to say the emoji.
This is the adventurer's guild?
[FINA]
Yep!
Hey, Fina. What're
you do‐‐? A bear?!
Hi, it's good to
see you, Uncle Gentz.
This is Miss Yuna.
Oh, right, I see.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
We don't have any
harvesting work today.
[FINA]
That's fine.
We're actually here
to sell some items.
This is the stuff.
[GENTZ yelps]
Uh, Fina, were you the one
who harvested this wolf?
[FINA] Yep! I was in
the forest gathering herbs,
and Miss Yuna came and
saved me when I got attacked‐‐
Wait, you went to the
forest by yourself again?!
I told you I would gather
the herbs for you, remember?!
What if something
happened to you?!
I'm very sorry.
[GENTZ sighs]
Now then, Miss Bear.
Thank you so much
for looking after Fina.
Well, she helped me out
when I was super lost,
so that makes us even.
[GENTZ] Here. This is
your payment for the wolf.
[YUNA]
Thank you.
Let's see.
It's only fair that I give
you half of it, so here.
[FINA]
Mm‐mm! That's too much.
I can't accept it!
After all, you were the one
who defeated the monster.
But you did all the
harvesting. Besides,
you could use the money to
help your sick mother, right?
That's true, but it's
still way too much!
Then what if you
showed me around town?
I could pay you to be my tour
guide and it'll even out.
Um, are you really sure?
Ah‐hah. Fina,
I think it'd be smart to accept
this young lady's request.
Okay then, I will!
Thank you! I'm gonna
be the perfect guide!
[YUNA] It looks like
a normal town in the game.
But the people and shops
are all unfamiliar to me.
Something just seems
really off about it.
And for some reason,
everyone is staring at me.
[FINA]
They're staring at your clothes.
The bear outfit.
Uhh! Crap, I forgot!
[YUNA] I could die
from em‐bear‐assment!
Is something wrong
with your meal?
[FINA] Mm‐mm. I've just never
eaten food like this before.
Uh, so, yeah, uh...
Huh?
Can I please take some of
this stuff home with me?
I'd like to share this delicious
food with my mom and sister!
I don't mind,
but you should eat
whatever you want.
I can always order some more for
you to take home to your family.
[FINA] No, that would
cost way too much money!
Look, I said it's fine, okay?
[FINA]
Thank you for the meal!
[FINA giggles]
All right, then.
[ELENA squeals]
How cute!
[YUNA] Weird, but not the
worst reaction I've had today.
[YUNA] Um, do you
have any available rooms?
Ah! Yes, we do!
[grunts] I am way
beyond exhausted.
I'll just rest my
eyes... for a few hours.
[sighs] I can't put
this off any longer.
[YUNA]
It's really me, not my avatar.
[NAVI] Without further ado,
please enjoy the new world.
[YUNA] There's no denying.
I'm not playing a game anymore.
I've been isekai'd.
[YUNA]
No matter how hard I look,
no one has a player
or NPC tag on them.
Oh, well. It's weird, but it's
not like there's any real reason
for me to go back to
my boring, old world.
So I guess I'll just
enjoy this opportunity
to experience another place!
And the first thing I'll do
is assess my current abilities.
[YUNA] There are no
humans or monsters detected.
Bear Map with
auto‐mapping and Bear Search
both seem like useful things.
I had even more
skills when I woke up,
I guess sleeping really
does help kids grow.
Now then, it's time
to see what I can do!
Okay, there's that!
Next up!
[YUNA]
Fire Ball!
Water Shoot!
Air Cutter!
Shielding Wall!
So I can use magic
just by imagining it.
That's not too different
from the game. Hm?
It says here that bear imagery
will increase the
power of my magic.
Bear imagery?
Like this?
[yells]
[YUNA grunts]
I'd better save that
one for emergencies.
Bear, bear, bear, go!
[YUNA]
Unfortunately,
it looks like all of
my super OP abilities
seem to be tied to
this lame‐o bear outfit.
Okay. There's only
one way to know for sure!
And pull! [groans]
All right. Looks like I'm
stuck with the bear suit.
[FINA]
Miss Yuna!
[YUNA]
Oh, hey, Fina.
Thanks! For yesterday!
What were you
doing outside of town?
I was just exploring.
[FINA] Hold on a second! Are
you an adventurer, Miss Yuna?
Huh?
[FINA]
I'm sorry.
You were so strong when
you fought that wolf,
I thought you were.
Still though,
I guess that makes sense
because you wouldn't
have paid a silver
to the guard if you
were an adventurer.
[YUNA] Hm? Why, do they not
have to pay or something?
Uh, yeah.
When you register
as an adventurer,
you get a special
identification card,
and it gets you into
any country for free.
Wow. You sure know a lot.
It's because Uncle
Gentz told me about it.
I learn a lot from him
since I help out with harvesting
at the Adventurer's
guild so much,
and he runs the
guild's trading post.
Ah, I gotcha.
Still, it's pretty
impressive that you can
do harvesting work
at such a young age.
[giggles] Thanks.
Unfortunately, there hasn't
been very much work lately.
At the Adventurer's Guild?
[YUNA]
I just got an amazing idea!
It's the perfect way for me
to enjoy this new world!
Oh, what a cute bear!
What the heck is she doing here?
I told you guys!
I saw her yesterday!
[YUNA] Hi, I heard you can
get an identification card
if you become an adventurer.
[HELEN]
Uhh, yes, that's right.
It's known as a guild card.
Does that mean
you'd like to register?
Yeah. So what's the process‐‐?
[DEBORANE] Whoa, now!
Come on, don't tell me
you're actually taking
this kid seriously, Helen.
This ain't playtime.
If we let a pip‐squeak in,
it'll lower the
standard of adventurers.
[ADVENTURER 2C]
Deborane is picking a fight.
[ADVENTURER 2D] He did that
to me when I first started.
[ADVENTURER 2B]
He's annoying, but also strong.
Please calm down.
I'll have to report you
to the guild master
if you cause more
problems, Mister Deborane.
[DEBORANE] Look, I'm just
worried that this little kid
is gonna be gobbled
up by monsters.
Kids like her should be
at home with their mommies,
not tryin' to play with
the big boys. [cackles]
If you want, I'd happily
defeat a goblin.
I'm sure that would
prove my strength, right?
A goblin, huh?
No matter how weak they are,
a puny twerp like you
ain't no match for them.
Excuse me. If I wipe the
floor with that goblin dude,
will you let me register?
Uh!
[ADVENTURERS gasp]
[grunts] You've got
some nerve for a brat!
Did you just call me a goblin?!
Huh? Are you a hobgoblin, then?
My bad.
Sometimes it's hard for me to
tell you monsters apart.
[DEBORANE growls]
You're dead!
Let's take this outside!
I'm about to show you what it's
like to be a real adventurer!
[YUNA]
Bear Punch.
[DEBORANE shrieks]
[ADVENTURERS murmuring]
[HELEN] Right, please fill
out this registration form.
[YUNA]
'Kay.
My job class?
Um... bear?
Sure. Why not?
[YUNA sighs]
[YUNA grunts]
[YUNA]
Here. Does this work?
Yes. You're Miss Yuna.
You're 15 years old.
And your job class
says, uh, bear.
Yep. Registration is complete!
[YUNA]
Wow. I didn't think they'd
seriously accept
"bear" as a job.
So, uh...
My guild card basically holds
personal information with,
like, magic or whatever?
Cool!
You can gain trust from people
by completing various quests,
which will
eventually lead you to
quests of higher importance.
[YUNA] Sounds like
your standard MMO fare.
So are there quests
for beginners?
Yes, we have a couple.
Mostly things like slaying
wolves and goblins‐‐
that sort of stuff.
[YUNA]
Mm‐hm! Thank you!
Turns out there was,
like, a whole pack,
so I took care of 'em.
Forty in total.
Wait. Forty wolves?
Uh, and it's just you?
You did it all by yourself?
‐‐[YUNA] Mm‐hm.
‐‐[GENTZ] Excuse me.
Comin' through.
That's amazing, but why
didn't you harvest any of them?
Well, it's because
I don't know how.
[GENTZ]
If you need monsters harvested,
just bring them
to the trade shop.
Also... I have a
small favor to ask.
[GENTZ] I'm an old friend
of Fina's parents,
her mom is Tiermina,
and her father passed
away a while ago.
[YUNA] That's why you
give Fina harvesting work?
All Fina really wants is
to help take care of her
sick mother and little sister.
This is my way of helping them.
Whoa, gross.
You got a thing for her?
Don't say things like that!
I treat Fina like
she's my own daughter!
I'll have you know
the only girl I have eyes
for is her mother, Tiermina!
Please forget I said that!
[YUNA]
So he's into moms, huh?
The thing is, the guild
kind of has a lot of rules,
so I'm not allowed to give her
nearly as much
work as I'd like to.
Here's my plan! You two pair up!
Since you can't
harvest monsters at all,
why not hire Fina to be
your own personal harvester?
She's a hard worker and
has never been spoiled,
but when she's around you
she seems a little more
like a normal kid, Ms. Bear.
I know she's a hard
worker, so okay.
But please,
feel free to call me Yuna.
Right. Whatever you
want, Yuna. [chuckles]
[YUNA] So what's the deal? You
got any more quests I can do?
Wait, are you serious?
But you just got back
from your last quest.
Well, I thought I would
exercise a bit before dinner.
Uhh... Actually, I do
have an emergency quest.
Someone needs you
to slay a monster
that's not from this area.
I believe they said
it's a tiger wolf.
Whoa, are you for real?
[HELEN]
It's a higher‐ranking monster.
But since you
defeated 40 wolves,
you might be able to do it.
Right, I'll take the job.
Still...
[HELEN whimpers]
...is it more of a wolf
or a tiger? I need to know.
Uh, it's exactly
what I said it was!
[YUNA]
Water Bear!
Done and done!
The materials aren't damaged
this way, and as a bonus,
I don't have to see any blood.
So this is a tiger wolf.
Nah, it's a tiger.
[footsteps]
[YUNA] Oops, guess I should
have been a little tougher.
[gasps]
[YUNA] Why is another
human way out here?!
[YUNA gasps]
Fina!
[FINA whimpers]
Bear Cutter!
[TIGER WOLF groans]
[FINA gasps]
[TIGER WOLF roars]
Aw, crap! Great,
I totally ruined its pelt.
I'm so sorry.
That's twice now.
[gasps]
[FINA] I'm just trying to earn
as much money as possible,
so I can help my mom
and little sister.
[YUNA] That's not an
excuse to be careless.
You're irreplaceable, Fina!
[FINA gasps]
[whimpers]
[sniffs]
So what if you come
work with me instead?
[FINA]
Huh?
[YUNA] I can hunt monsters,
but I can't harvest them.
You can harvest monsters,
but can't hunt them.
Wouldn't it make sense
to help each other out?
We'll work together as partners.
Please tell me, Miss Yuna.
How is it that
you can be so kind
when you barely even know me?
[YUNA]
What a sad question.
She's just a kid,
but she's willing to
work herself to the bone,
and it seems like she gets
into dangerous situations
without any concern for herself.
Hey... Miss Yuna?
[YUNA] Mm‐mm! You gotta drop
the "miss" since we're partners.
[FINA]
Right! Okay!
Mm‐mm.
You've got a deal.
Thank you, Yuna!
[YUNA gasps]
This is the beginning
of a beautiful friendship!
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!